                                                         SPRINT BACKLOG
Before Sprint 1:
-First created the "Create Account Page".
-Created the database using SQLlite Database Management.
-Second created the "Login Page". (Where the user can log in using his username and password details)
-Fetching username and password details from the database in order for user to login in his account.

SPRINT 1:
-We missed a few things for submission for Sprint 1 which will be completed before Sprint 2.
i) Sprint backlog file
ii.) Team Reflection file
iii.) Test cases for the Project

-We demonstrated to Akila Sir the following things
i.) How the create account page works.
ii.) How to add the data to the Database. In order to successfully create an Account, the user needs to satisfy the following things:
    -the passwords entered twice should match
    -the passwords conditions should match (Minimum one uppercase, one lowercase, one digit required)
ii.) How the username and password details gets stored in the database using SQLite Database.
iii.) How the password conditions need to be fullfilled in order to create an account for either "Donator" or "Recipient".
iv.) Using the data from the database, how a user logins to the main home screen page from the "Login Page". (Different main screens for "Donator" and "Recipient" is to be implemented yet!)
iv.) If the details for the user does not match at Login page, it shows an error.

SPRINT 2:
i.) Made many changes and fixed bugs during creating the account for the user
       -It shows error when the username already exists in the database
       -It shows error when the password conditions and confirm password again fields do no match
 ii.) Now when the user logs in, if the user is recipient, the app opens the recipient fragment and if the user is donator, the app opens
      the donator fragment
 iii.) User (Recipient or Donator) can update his information in the settings tab which updates the information in the database.
 iv.) Created the email recovery page where if the user forgets the password, the user needs to enter the username and the account type. 
      If such account exists, the user can retrieve his/her password. 
      Else it shows an Toast message that such account does not exist.
 v.) Currently working on storing images in the database and showing up the results
 


SPRINT 3:
i.) Connected Firebase Storage and Database to the project.
ii.) Now a donator can create a donation by adding a image and the description about the image which will be stored in the Firebase
    Database
iii.) The recipient can see available donations when he logs in his account which are uploaded by the donators 
iv.) If possible I will try adding phone number and email information from the donator while uploading the item for donator. So that 
    the recipient can contact directly through phone or email if he/she is interested in any item.
v.) The user can delete the account in the settings tab where it pops up an additional message for verification.    
vi.) The recipient can delete the item from his account if he is not interested in it.
vii.) Now will implement on:
        a.) Recipient can add items to Favorites
        b.) Recipient can choose to "Not Interested" in any selected item.
